README.MD, before:

# TypeScript 2.1 + React + Redux + Hot Reloading + CSS Modules Boilerplate + Webpack 2 + @Types

This is a simple boilerplate which aims to combine TypeScript 2.1 with React, Redux and CSS Modules.
Hot Reloading is working as well.
The repo was recently updated and changed:

* Uses Webpack 2 Instead of Webpack 1
* Uses `@types` instead of typings
* Typed CSS (check out /src/components/Navigation/index.tsx), it's really cool!
* Updated all the packages

## Gotchas and Weirdness

With this Boilerplate I wanted to use CSS Modules to the fullest. So I included basscss with which I tried to build up the whole CSS.
It's probably not something you want to do in production, as it's kinda weird and annoying. But have a look yourself.

As I still needed some CSS in the global namespace, I export everything with a `.global.css` extension into the global namespace.
Or else it would be really annoying to do stuff like `* { box-sizing: border-box; }`.

This does use Webpack 2.0, so be aware if you want to use plugins that are not updated yet!

Hot Reloading has still some problems which I couldn't solve (mostly with the stores), if someone has some pointers,
I would be super grateful, I tried nearly everything.

## @types

With TypeScript 2.0 all types will be available via npm through the `@types` organisation. TypeScript 2.0
will automatically pick up those and use them. This project uses @types exclusivly.

## Usage

1. `npm install` or `yarn install`
3. `npm start` for developing. The server runs at [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)
4. `npm run-script build` for a production build

Commit message:

improve production-build: generate typings before

README.MD, after:

# TypeScript 2.1 + React + Redux + Hot Reloading + CSS Modules Boilerplate + Webpack 2 + @Types

This is a simple boilerplate which aims to combine TypeScript 2.1 with React, Redux and CSS Modules.
Hot Reloading is working as well.
The repo was recently updated and changed:

* Uses Webpack 2 Instead of Webpack 1
* Uses `@types` instead of typings
* Typed CSS (check out /src/components/Navigation/index.tsx), it's really cool!
* Updated all the packages

## Gotchas and Weirdness

With this Boilerplate I wanted to use CSS Modules to the fullest. So I included basscss with which I tried to build up the whole CSS.
It's probably not something you want to do in production, as it's kinda weird and annoying. But have a look yourself.

As I still needed some CSS in the global namespace, I export everything with a `.global.css` extension into the global namespace.
Or else it would be really annoying to do stuff like `* { box-sizing: border-box; }`.

This does use Webpack 2.0, so be aware if you want to use plugins that are not updated yet!

Hot Reloading has still some problems which I couldn't solve (mostly with the stores), if someone has some pointers,
I would be super grateful, I tried nearly everything.

Because of the typed css, which is created automatically during the build, the build-process needs to run twice.
This is far from optimal, but there is no better way currently. One could commit the created files, but this just creates
noise. If someone has an idea, how to solve this, let me know!

## @types

With TypeScript 2.0 all types will be available via npm through the `@types` organisation. TypeScript 2.0
will automatically pick up those and use them. This project uses @types exclusivly.

## Usage

1. `npm install` or `yarn install`
3. `npm start` for developing. The server runs at [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)
4. `npm run-script build` for a production build
